# Deep Learning
This repository contains source code for the exercises and final project of the study course in "Deep Learning" at Aarhus University, spring 2018. The mandatory exercises are placed in the folder **Exercises** and the project source code is placed in the folder **Project**.

## Madatory exercises
The deep-learning course is based on the CS231n course which also the exercises are. In this course we have solved some of the exercises manly the ones based on Neural networks and convolutional neural networks. The exercises are based on templeted functions that can be run via a jupyter notebook. These templates are then to be filled with implementations of the given problem, an example hereof could be implement the SGD momentum update. The solutions are found in this repository along with the dataset and the jupyter notebooks to evaluate the solution implementations.

## Project code 
This project explores the the concept of transfer learning by applying it to established cnn architectures, and measures the effectiveness compared to a baseline. Transfer learning may be applied in a wide range of ways, but this project is focused on the traditional machine learning problem of image classification. The Keras framework is used to implement the models used in the experiments. Keras provides a high-level API to the Tensorflow framework and allows for quick prototyping of deep learning models. The dicionary Project/Models/ contains the models and the scripts to create / train / test the architectures implementated. Each script takes an output directory as an argument, in which it will place all output files. The trained models can be configured by changing the paramneters within the training scripts. Along with the investigation of the effect of using transfer learning we experiment with data augmentation. 
